docs(dynamic-plugins): add frontend docs (#716)
janus-idp/backstage-showcase: showcase-docs/dynamic-plugins.md

1. The plugin must:

- import the `@backstage/backend-plugin-manager` package, as an alias to `janus-idp/backend-plugin-manager@0.0.5-janus.0` package,

> - add the `@janus-idp/cli` dependency to use the `@janus-idp`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add the `@janus-idp/cli` dependency, which provides a new, required, `export-dynamic-plugin` command.
```

          registry=https://registry.npmjs.org/
          ...
```

## Plugin configuration

As hinted above, dynamic plugins may require additional configuration to be included into `app-config.yaml`. This can be done via the `pluginConfig` key for each plugin entry in the `global.dynamic.plugins` list. This is later aggregated into an `app-config.yaml` file and passed to the Backstage instance.

```yaml
# values.yaml
global:
  dynamic:
    plugins:
      - package: <packageName>
        pluginConfig:
          # app-config.yaml fragment
```

### Frontend layout configuration

> Compared to the backend plugins, where their mount points are defined in code and consumed by the backend plugin manager, frontend plugins require additional configuration in the `app-config.yaml`. A pluggin missing this configuration is not loaded into the application and is not displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compared to the backend plugins, where mount points are defined in code and consumed by the backend plugin manager, frontend plugins require additional configuration in the `app-config.yaml`. A plugin missing this configuration will not be loaded into the application and will not be displayed.
```

> Similarly to what you know from traditional Backstage instances, there are 3 types of functionality a dynamic frontend plugin can offer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly to traditional Backstage instances, there are 3 types of functionality a dynamic frontend plugin can offer:
```

> - Full new page by declaring a completely new route in the app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Full new page that declares a completely new route in the app
```

> - Extend existing page via router `bind`ings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Extension to existing page via router `bind`ings
```

> - Using mount points within the application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use of mount points within the application
```

The overall configuration is as follows:

```yaml
# app-config.yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    <package_name>: # same as `scalprum.name` key in plugin's `package.json`
      dynamicRoutes: ...
      mountPoints: ...
      routeBindings: ...
```

#### Dynamic routes

Traditionally [Backstage full page extensions](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/composability/#using-extensions-in-an-app) are done within the `packages/app/src/App.tsx` file. It may look like this:

```tsx
...
  <AppRouter>
    <Root>
      <FlatRoutes>
        {/* Standard routes usually available in each Backstage instance */}
        <Route path="/catalog" element={<CatalogIndexPage />} />
        <Route path="/settings" element={<UserSettingsPage />} />
        ...
        {/* Additional routes defined by user */}
        <Route path="/my-plugin" element={<FooPluginPage />} />
        ...
      </FlatRoutes>
    </Root>
  </AppRouter>
...
```

> This change is usually coupled with extension to the main sidebar navigation by editing `packages/app/src/components/Root/Root.tsx`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change is usually coupled with an extension to the main sidebar navigation, achieved by editing `packages/app/src/components/Root/Root.tsx`.
```

> In dynamic plugins this mechanism has changed and users are no longer allowed to edit TSX files - instead they declare their desire to expose additional routes within dynamic plugin configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In dynamic plugins this mechanism has changed and users are no longer allowed to edit `.tsx` files. Instead they declare their desire to expose additional routes within dynamic plugin configuration:
```

```yaml
# app-config.yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    <package_name>: # same as `scalprum.name` key in plugin's `package.json`
      dynamicRoutes: # exposes full routes
        - path: /my-plugin # unique path in the app, can override `/`
          module: CustomModule # optional, same as key in `scalprum.exposedModules` key in plugin's `package.json`
          importName: FooPluginPage # optional, actual component name that should be rendered
          menuItem: # optional, allows you to populate main sidebar navigation

>             icon: Storage # MUI4 icon to render in the sidebar

Reviewer: Is there the ability to use a provided icon (not MUI-standard) ?

            text: Foo Plugin Page # menu item text
```

> Each plugin can expose multiple routes and each route is required to define it's `path` and `importName` (if it differs from the default export).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each plugin can expose multiple routes and each route is required to define its `path` and `importName` (if it differs from the default export).
```

> - `path` - Unique path in the app, cannot override existing routes with single exception: the `/` home route. Main home page can be replaced via dynamic plugins mechanism.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `path` - Unique path in the app. Cannot override existing routes with the exception of the `/` home route: the main home page can be replaced via the dynamic plugins mechanism.
```

- `module` - Optional. Since dynamic plugins can expose multiple distinct modules, you may need to specify which set of assets you want to access within the plugin. If not provided, the default module named `PluginRoot` is used. This is the same as the key in `scalprum.exposedModules` key in plugin's `package.json`.
- `importName` - Optional. The actual component name that should be rendered as a standalone page. If not specified the `default` export is used.
- `menuItem` - This property allows users to extend the main sidebar navigation and point to their new route. It accepts `text` and `icon` properties. `icon` is a Material UI 4 icon name.

#### Bind to existing plugins

> Another extension option Backstage offers is extension via [binding to the external routes](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/composability/#binding-external-routes-in-the-app) of existing plugins. This is traditionally done via the `bindRoutes` interface as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another extension option available to Backstage is to [bind to the external routes](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/composability/#binding-external-routes-in-the-app) of existing plugins. This is traditionally done via the `bindRoutes` interface as:
```

```tsx
createApp({
  bindRoutes({ bind }) {
    bind(barPlugin.externalRoutes, {
      headerLink: fooPlugin.routes.root,
    });
  },
});
```

Dynamic plugins offer similar functionality via `routeBindings` configuration:

```yaml
# app-config.yaml
dynamicPlugins:
  frontend:
    <package_name>: # same as `scalprum.name` key in plugin's `package.json`
      routeBindings:
        - bindTarget: 'barPlugin.externalRoutes' # One of the supported bind targets
          bindMap: # Map of bindings, same as the `bind` function options argument in the example above
            headerLink: 'fooPlugin.routes.root'
```

> We currently support following bind targets:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are the available bind targets:
```

- `remotePlugins.externalRoutes`
- `catalogPlugin.externalRoutes`
- `catalogImportPlugin.externalRoutes`
- `techdocsPlugin.externalRoutes`

#### Using mount points

This section aims to allow users dynamic extension of [Catalog Components](https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/composability/#catalog-components), but can be used to extend additional views in the future as well.

Mount points are defined identifiers available across the applications. These points specifically allow users to extend existing pages with additional content.

We currently recognize following mount points:

> | Mount point                  | Description                         | Content with all plugins disabled                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Mount point                  | Description                         | Visible even when no plugins are enabled                              |
```

| `entity.page.monitoring`     | Catalog entity "Monitoring" tab     | NO                                                             |
| `entity.page.lighthouse`     | Catalog entity "Lighthouse" tab     | NO                                                             |
| `entity.page.api`            | Catalog entity "API" tab            | YES for entity of `kind: Component` and `spec.type: 'service'` |
| `entity.page.dependencies`   | Catalog entity "Dependencies" tab   | YES for entity of `kind: Component`                            |
| `entity.page.docs`           | Catalog entity "Documentation" tab  | YES for entity that satisfies `isTechDocsAvailable`            |
| `entity.page.definition`     | Catalog entity "Definitions" tab    | YES for entity of `kind: Api`                                  |
| `entity.page.diagram`        | Catalog entity "Diagram" tab        | YES for entity of `kind: System`                               |

Note: Mount points within Catalog aka `entity.page.*` are rendered as tabs. They become visible only if at least one plugin contributes to them or they can render static content (see column 3 in previous table).

> Each mount point exists in 2 variants that complement each other :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each mount point has 2 complementary variations:
```

              allOf|anyOf|oneOf:
                - isMyPluginAvailable # an imported function from the same `module` within the plugin returns boolean
                - isKind: component # Check if the entity is of a specific kind
                - isType: service # Check if the entity is of a specific type
                - hasAnnotation: annotationKey # Check if the entity has a specific annotation key
            props: {} # React props to pass to the component
```

Each mount point supports additional configuration:

- `layout` - Used only in `*/cards` type which renders visible content. Allows you to pass MUI sx properties to the component. This is useful when you want to control the layout of the component. `entity.page.*` mount points are rendered as CSS grid, so SX property allows you to control the grid layout and exact positioning of the rendered component.
- `props` - React props passed to the component. This is useful when you want to pass some additional data to the component.
- `if` - Used only in `*/cards` type which renders visible content. This is passed to `<EntitySwitch.Case if={<here>}`.

>   We support following conditions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The following conditions are available:
```
